the moment Israeli forces detonate a
school in be hananon Northern
Gaza hundreds of displaced families had
been Sheltering at the UN run
facility from the north to the South
nowhere in the strip is
safe hii building has been turned into a
graveyard of
memories the harb family thought their
house in rafah and the far south of Gaza
would be saved from Israeli bombs they
were
wrong just before morning prayers we
heard a huge explosion our neighbors
were targeted and no one survived this
is what Israel's been doing all the time
another Israeli air strike this time in
the noat refugee camp Central Gaza
dozens are
[Music]
killed the destruction is massive our
neighbor house was hit most were killed
more than 30 people they were hosting
displaced people may God bless all their
souls no one here has anything to do
with the war we are civilians there is
no resistance on the streets there is
nothing all of us are
civilians the same story over and over
only different faces and different
buildings this is Al magazi refugee camp
after the bombardment it's up to the
neighbors to search for any
survivors
we were sitting safely in the house
we're civilians we have nothing to do
with this war and suddenly missiles were
falling on us around 12 or 15 were
killed four of them were at my house
they were displaced people peaceful
people no one survived they're still
trying to find people under the reubel
after more than 9 weeks of Relentless
Israeli attacks they joined the
thousands of missing Palestinians whose
bodies are yet to be recovered Ali
Hashim Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer